IT Express Privacy Policy

IT Express has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for the IT Express App.

By using the IT Express App and accepting the User Agreement you also agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you must not use the IT Express App. The terms "We," "Us," "Our," or "IT Express" includes IT Express Pty Ltd and our affiliates.

1. What information do we collect?

IT Express collects your information when you register on the IT Express App and when you use IT Express App.
Personal Information or Business Information: We may collect the following types of personal or business information in order to provide you with the use and access to the IT Express App services and tools, and for any additional purposes set out in this Privacy Policy:
Name, and contact information, such as email address, phone number, mobile telephone number, physical address, and (depending on the service used) sometimes financial information, such as bank account numbers;
Business Verification information may be required for IT Support  including the Company Name, ABN/ACN, business address and website links
Transactional information based on your activities on the app to fulfil the request created and won’t be released the money unless both parties confirm the request done.
Additional personal or business information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself if we believe you are violating site policies (for example, we may ask you to send us an ID to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity);
information from your interaction with our sites, services, content and advertising, including, but not limited to, device ID, device type, location, geo-location information, computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, ad data, IP address and standard web log information.
Aggregate Information: IT Express collects non-identifying, general, generic and aggregate information to better design our services.
Non-Personal Information: IT Express may collect non-personal information as you use IT Express. When you use the site, IT Express APP, third-party service providers (e.g. Google Analytics), and partners may receive and record non-personal information from cookies, server logs, and similar technology from your browser or mobile device, including your IP address.
We may combine some Non-Personal Information with the Personal Information we collect. Where we do so, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information if the resulting combination may be used to readily identify or locate you in the same manner as Personal Information alone.

2. How do we store your information?

We use hosting provider Amazon Web Services, therefore your information may be transferred to and stored on servers in various locations both in and outside of Australia. IT Express maintains control of your information. We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure and alteration. Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access authorisation controls.

3. How do we use your Information?

Communications: We may send you a welcome email to verify your account and other transactional emails for operational purposes, such as billing, account management, or system maintenance. You may only stop those emails by terminating your account. We may also send you promotions, product announcements, surveys, newsletters, developer updates, product evaluations, and event information or other marketing or commercial e-
Marketing: You agree that we may use your personal information to tell you about our services and tools, deliver targeted marketing and new APP updates, and customise measure and improve our advertising.
We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other people or non- affiliated companies for marketing purposes (including direct marketing purposes) without your permission. We may use and share Non-Personal Information for our marketing purposes, including, without limitation, marketing on other websites. You can prevent us from tailoring our ads to you on other websites by deleting your cookies (see below).

4. Sharing your Information

We disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others, or protect anyone's rights, property, or safety. Such information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. As stated above, we do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.
We may disclose personal information to our related bodies corporate and third party suppliers and service providers located overseas for some of the purposes listed above. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the overseas recipients of your personal information do not breach the privacy obligations relating to your personal information.
We may disclose your personal or business information upon a business transition; at the sale or transfer of IT Express and/or all or part of its assets, your personal information may be among the items sold or transferred.
We may share aggregate data with advertisers and other third parties. IT Express uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer and transaction data exchanged with our site.

5. Accessing and updating your Information

You can update your information or business through your account profile settings. If you believe that personal information we hold about you is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, then you may request us to amend it.
Additionally, you may request access to any personal information we hold about you at any time by contacting us at privacy@itexpresspro.com.au. Where we hold information that you are entitled to access, we will try to provide you with suitable means of accessing it (for example, by mailing or emailing it to you). We may charge you a fee to cover our administrative and other reasonable costs in providing the information to you. We will not charge for simply making the request and will not charge for making any corrections to your personal information.
There may be instances where we cannot grant you access to the personal information we hold. For example, we may need to refuse access if granting access would interfere with the privacy of others or if it would result in a breach of confidentiality. If that happens, we will give you written reasons for any refusal.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. Any updated versions of this privacy policy will be posted on our website. Please review it regularly.
This privacy policy was last updated on 4th Aug 2015.
